New Page




Block Number: 1
ORIGINAL ARTICLES



Block Number: 2
Antibody-Drug Conjugates for Cancer Therapy



Block Number: 3
Paul J. Carter, PhD, and Peter D. Senter, PhD



Block Number: 4
lotarg), a humanized anti-CD33 antibody conjugated to cali-
cheamicin approved in the United States for the treatment of
acute myeloid leukemia (AML).7
protein toxins dates back to 1970,8 and was followed a few
years later by antibody conjugates with cytotoxic drugs.
Antibody therapeutics have come of age in the intervening
decades with the advent of hybridoma technology to develop
murine monoclonal antibodies (MAb), chimerization and
humanization to address the shortcomings of murine MAb as
therapeutics, and more recently with direct routes to human
antibodies using phage display or transgenic mice.2 The
clinical potential of ADCs has been greatly enhanced by im-
proved choices of targets,1 more potent drugs in conjunction
with linkers of improved stability6,11 and greatly expanded
knowledge of ADC cell biology32 and pharmacology. 13 ADCs
are reviewed here from a design perspective from target selec-
tion, through ADC lead identification, optimization, and preclin-
ical development to clinical experience (Fig. 2). Other payload-
ing strategies for antibodies, as well as for alternative delivery
vehicles, have been extensively reviewed elsewhere3,11,12,14 and
are outside the scope of this article. Of these, radioimmunocon-
jugates stand out, with the approval of 2 different anti-CD20
radioimmunoconjugates for the treatment of non-Hodgkin lym- 1311
phoma: ibritumomab tiuxetan (Zevalin, 90y conjugate) and
tositumomab (Bexxar).



Block Number: 5
Abstract: The antibody-drug conjugate (ADC) concept is to use an
antibody to deliver a cytotoxic drug selectively to a target such as a
tumor-associated antigen. Such conjugates represent a broadly ap-
plicable approach to enhance the antitumor activity of antibodies
and improve the tumor-to-norma tissue selectivity of chemotherapy.
Critical parameters for ADC development include target antigen
selection, conjugate internalization by tumor cells, drug potency and
stability of the linker between drug and antibody. Other important
considerations include the conjugation methods, drug-to-antibody
ratio, and the effects of drug conjugation on antibody properties.
Highly potent drugs with more stable linkers have been attached to
a antitumor new generation activities of in antibodies preclinical to create studies conjugates and encouraging with pronounced results in
early stage clinical trials. This review details these advances, dis-
cusses some of the remaining challenges, and overviews ADCs
currently in clinical trials for cancer therapy.
Key Words: antibody, immunoconjugate, targeted therapy
(Cancer J 2008;14 154-169)



Block Number: 6
The concept of arming antibodies by conjugation to



Block Number: 7
A for cancer therapy as evidenced by 12 such drugs ap-
ntibody-based therapeutics are of growing significance
proved for oncologic indications since 1995, including 9 in
the United States. However, these antibody therapeutics are
seldom curative, encouraging numerous approaches to en-
hance efficacy.2 Two of the most promising strategies to
enhance the antitumor activity of antibodies are antibody-
drug conjugates (ADCs)-th focus of this review-and
optimization to augment secondary immune functions.5
conjugated to a cytotoxic drug via a chemical linker (Fig. 1).
The therapeutic concept of ADCs is to use an antibody as
vehicle to deliver a cytotoxic drug to a tumor cell by means
of binding to a target cell surface antigen (Fig. 1). ADCs are
prodrugs requiring drug release for activation, commonly
after ADC internalization into the target cell. Numerous
preclinical efficacy studies show that ADCs have significant
potential for enhancing the antitumor activity of "naked"
antibodies and reducing the systemic toxicity of the conju-
gated drugs. Moreover, clinical demonstration of the ADC
concept has been provided by gemtuzumab ozogamicin (My-



Block Number: 8
TARGET SELECTION



Block Number: 9
Fc



Block Number: 10
The de novo identification and validation of cell surface



Block Number: 11
targets as candidates for ADCs is beyond the scope of this article
and is reviewed elsewhere. Target selection from a candidate
pool is a critical first step in generating ADCs (Fig. 2). Expres-
sion profiling is a key aspect of target selection in that tumor-
associated antigen expression is presumed to be one of the
necessary criteria for successful targeting with an ADC, whereas
little or no normal tissue expression is desirable and may be
necessary to achieve an adequate therapeutic index.
sis of protein expression in tissue samples and is often the
most direct and consequently preferred method for evaluating
potential ADC targets. The advent of tissue microarraysl
facilitates high-throughput expression profiling-hundred to
thousands of samples-with greater standardization. 17 A lim-
itation of immunohistochemistry is the high variability of
data with different reagents, protocols and samplesi7
resolvable if concordant data are obtained using multiple
antibodies. An additional challenge with immunohistochem-
istry is that data may be difficult to interpret if the antigen is



Block Number: 12
ADCs comprise an antibody, usually in IgG format,



Block Number: 13
a



Block Number: 14
Immunohistochemistry allows semi-quantitative analy-



Block Number: 15
From Seattle Genetics, Inc., Bothell, Washington 98021.
Reprint requests: Paul J. Carter or Peter D. Senter, Seattle Genetics, Inc.,
21823 30th Drive SE, Bothell, WA 98021. E-mail: pearter@seagen.com
or
Copyright C 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
ISSN: 1528-9117/08/1403-0154
154



Block Number: 16
psenter@seagen.com



Block Number: 17
The Cancer Journal



Block Number: 18
Volume 14, Number 3, May/June 2008
